README.md, before:

# Foil Apps Directory

A curated directory of apps for foil sports (pumpfoil, wingfoil, etc.).

## How to Add Your App

To add your app to this directory, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository
2. Edit the `apps.json` file
3. Add your app information in the following format:
```json
{
  "name": "Your App Name",
  "url": "https://your-app-url.com",
  "sport": "pumpfoil/wingfoil/etc",
  "description": "Brief description of your app"
}
```
4. Submit a pull request

## Current Apps

The directory is automatically updated when new apps are added through pull requests.

---

# Foil Apps Verzeichnis

Ein kuratiertes Verzeichnis von Apps für Foilsport (Pumpfoil, Wingfoil, etc.).

## Wie man eine App hinzufügt

Um Ihre App zu diesem Verzeichnis hinzuzufügen, folgen Sie bitte diesen Schritten:

1. Forken Sie dieses Repository
2. Bearbeiten Sie die Datei `apps.json`
3. Fügen Sie Ihre App-Informationen im folgenden Format hinzu:
```json
{
  "name": "Ihr App-Name",
  "url": "https://ihre-app-url.com",
  "sport": "pumpfoil/wingfoil/etc",
  "description": "Kurze Beschreibung Ihrer App"
}
```
4. Erstellen Sie einen Pull Request

## Aktuelle Apps

Das Verzeichnis wird automatisch aktualisiert, wenn neue Apps über Pull Requests hinzugefügt werden.

Commit message:

Remove language switch functionality from index.html and update README.md to include directory link, contribution guidelines, and license information.

README.md, after:

# Foil Apps Directory

A curated directory of apps for foil sports (pumpfoil, wingfoil, etc.).

## View the Directory

The directory is available at: [https://yourusername.github.io/foil-apps-directory](https://yourusername.github.io/foil-apps-directory)

## How to Add Your App

To add your app to this directory, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository
2. Edit the `apps.json` file
3. Add your app information in the following format:
```json
{
  "name": "Your App Name",
  "url": "https://your-app-url.com",
  "sport": "pumpfoil/wingfoil/etc",
  "description": "Brief description of your app"
}
```
4. Submit a pull request

## Current Apps

The directory is automatically updated when new apps are added through pull requests.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you have a foil-related app that you'd like to add to this directory, please follow the steps above to submit your app. Make sure to:

- Provide a valid URL for your app
- Include a clear description
- Specify the correct sport type
- Ensure all information is accurate and up-to-date

## License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

---

# Foil Apps Verzeichnis

Ein kuratiertes Verzeichnis von Apps für Foilsport (Pumpfoil, Wingfoil, etc.).

## Wie man eine App hinzufügt

Um Ihre App zu diesem Verzeichnis hinzuzufügen, folgen Sie bitte diesen Schritten:

1. Forken Sie dieses Repository
2. Bearbeiten Sie die Datei `apps.json`
3. Fügen Sie Ihre App-Informationen im folgenden Format hinzu:
```json
{
  "name": "Ihr App-Name",
  "url": "https://ihre-app-url.com",
  "sport": "pumpfoil/wingfoil/etc",
  "description": "Kurze Beschreibung Ihrer App"
}
```
4. Erstellen Sie einen Pull Request

## Aktuelle Apps

Das Verzeichnis wird automatisch aktualisiert, wenn neue Apps über Pull Requests hinzugefügt werden.
